procedures: rewrite and expand the "Backup and disaster recovery" sections of the admin guide (#2121)
codenvy/che-docs: modules/administration-guide/partials/assembly_backups-of-che-instances-to-a-rest-backup-server.adoc

[id="backing-up-{prod-id-short}-instances-to-a-rest-backup-server_{context}"]

> = Backups of {prod-short} instances to a REST backup server

Reviewer: Should the title of this assembly, and others like it, begin with a gerund instead of a noun? For example:
```suggestion
= Backing up of {prod-short} instances to a REST backup server
```

Author: @rolfedh, yes, it should, thank you. I just didn't think of `<gerund> of` at the time.

> You can manage backups of {prod-short} instances to a REST backup server with custom resources or {prod-cli}:

Reviewer: Here, the meaning of "with" is ambiguous: It can mean "by using" but can also be misunderstood as meaning that the backup server *has* custom resources. This type of semantic noise affects users who are less experienced with the technology or whose first language is not English. 
```suggestion
You can manage backups of {prod-short} instances to a REST backup server by using custom resources or {prod-cli}:
```

Reviewer: Would you consider making similar updates elsewhere in this PR?

Author: @rolfedh Thank you, Rolfe. I've fixed this across this PR.
